选非题
1. 题干特征：
1)All of the following are true of icebergs EXCEPT？
2)Which of the following is NOT true of climax communities？

2. 出题频率：

3. 解题步骤：

4.解题技巧：


















    Paragraph 1 How did it come about that farming developed independently in a number of world centers (the Southeast Asian mainland, Southwest Asia, Central America, lowland and highland South America, and equatorial Africa) at more or less the same time? Agriculture developed slowly among populations that had an extensive knowledge of plants and animals. Changing from hunting and gathering to agriculture had no immediate advantages. To start with, it forced the population to abandon the nomad's life and become sedentary, to develop methods of storage and, often, systems of irrigation. While hunter-gatherers always had the option of moving elsewhere when the resources were exhausted, this became more difficult with farming. Furthermore, as the archaeological record shows, the state of health of agriculturalists was worse than that of their contemporary hunter-gatherers.

1.According to paragraph 1, all of the following are advantages of hunting and gathering over agriculture EXCEPT:
○It is a healthier lifestyle.
○It requires less knowledge of plants and animals.
○It does not need storage capabilities.
○It is not tied to any specific location.

Wildman and Niles were particularly interested in investigating the conditions under which reflection might flourish—a subject on which there is little guidance in the literature. They designed an experimental strategy for a group of teachers in Virginia and worked with 40 practicing teachers over several years. They were concerned that many would be "drawn to these new, refreshing conceptions of teaching only to find that the void between the abstractions and the realities of teacher reflection is too great to bridge. Reflection on a complex task such as teaching is not easy." The teachers were taken through a program of talking about teaching events, moving on to reflecting about specific issues in a supported, and later an independent, manner.
2. All of the following are mentioned about the experimental strategy described in paragraph 2 EXCEPT:
○It was designed so that teachers would eventually reflect without help from others.
○It was used by a group of teachers over a period of years.
○It involved having teachers take part in discussions of classroom events.
○It involved having teachers record in writing their reflections about teaching.

Paragraph1: The surface of Mars shows a wide range of geologic features, including huge volcanoes-the largest known in the solar system-and extensive impact cratering. Three very large volcanoes are found on the Tharsis bulge, an enormous geologic area near Mars’s equator. Northwest of Tharsis is the largest volcano of all: Olympus Mons, with a height of 25 kilometers and measuring some 700 kilometers in diameter at its base. The three large volcanoes on the Tharsis bulge are a little smaller-a “mere” 18 kilometers high.

Paragraph 2: None of these volcanoes was formed as a result of collisions between plates of the Martian crust-there is no plate motion on Mars. Instead, they are shield volcanoes-volcanoes with broad, sloping slides formed by molten rock. All four show distinctive lava channels and other flow features similar to those found on shield volcanoes on Earth. Images of the Martian surface reveal many hundreds of volcanoes. Most of the largest volcanoes are associated with the Tharsis bulge, but many smaller ones are found in the northern plains.

3. According to paragraphs 1 and 2, which of the following is NOT true of the shield volcanoes on the Tharsis bulge?
○They have broad, sloping sides.
○They are smaller than the largest volcano on Mars.
○They have channels that resemble the lava channels of volcanoes on Earth.
○They are over 25 kilometers tall.

Paragraph 2: This is not just an aesthetic consideration but also a practical one. These vessels are solid (brittle, but not fragile), they are pleasant and easy to handle (being light and smooth), and, with their hard and sometimes glossy (smooth and shiny) surfaces, they hold liquids well and are easy to wash. Furthermore, their regular and standardized shapes would have made them simple to stack and store. When people today are shown a very ordinary Roman pot and, in particular, are allowed to handle it, they often comment on how modern it looks and feels, and they need to be convinced of its true age.

4. According to paragraph 2, which of the following is NOT true of Roman vessels?
○They were good containers for liquids.
○Their shapes allowed for easy stacking and storing.
○They sometimes had shiny surfaces.
○Their true age is immediately apparent.

Paragraph 1: Plant communities assemble themselves flexibly, and their particular structure depends on the specific history of the area. Ecologists use the term “succession” to refer to the changes that happen in plant communities and ecosystems over time. The first community in a succession is called a pioneer community, while the long-lived community at the end of succession is called a climax community. Pioneer and successional plant communities are said to change over periods from 1 to 500 years. These changes—in plant numbers and the mix of species—are cumulative. Climax communities themselves change but over periods of time greater than about 500 years.

5. According to paragraph 1, which of the following is NOT true of climax communities?
○They occur at the end of a succession.
○They last longer than any other type of community.
○The numbers of plants in them and the mix of species do not change
○They remain stable for at least 500 years at a time.

The source of Roman obsession with unity and cohesion may well have lain in the pattern of Rome’s early development. Whereas Greece had grown from scores of scattered cities, Rome grew from one single organism. While the Greek world had expanded along the Mediterranean seas lanes, the Roman world was assembled by territorial conquest. Of course, the contrast is not quite so stark: in Alexander the Great the Greeks had found the greatest territorial conqueror of all time; and the Romans, once they moved outside Italy, did not fail to learn the lessons of sea power. Yet the essential difference is undeniable. The Key to the Greek world lay in its high-powered ships; the key to Roman power lay in its marching legions. The Greeks were wedded to the sea; the Romans, to the land. The Greek was a sailor at heart; the Roman, a landsman.
6. Which of the following was NOT characteristic of Rome’s early development?
○Expansion by sea invasion
○Territorial expansion
○Expansion from one original settlement
○Expansion through invading armies

Paragraph 4: The strongest evidence that extinct dinosaurs had some form of advanced parental care system is based on an understanding of the phylogenetic relationships among dinosaurs and their closest living relatives. Living dinosaurs (birds), even primitive ones such as ostriches and kiwis, exhibit parental care, so some form of parental care can be inferred to have existed in the last common ancestor of all birds. || Although unappreciated, crocodiles are reptiles that are also caring parents. They build nests, guard the nests, and in some cases dig their young out of the nest when they hear the chirping young ones hatching. The young even communicate with each other while still in the egg by high-frequency squeaks (as birds do). Some evidence suggests that this squeaking is a cue for the synchronization of the hatching. Since birds and crocodiles share a common ancestor, the simplest explanation for the characteristics they share (such as nest building and some form of parental care) is that they evolved only once—that these attributes were present in their common ancestor and passed on to its descendants. || Because extinct dinosaurs also descended from that ancestor, the simplest and most general theory is that extinct dinosaurs also shared these characteristics, even though they cannot be directly observed, and we cannot be sure how elaborate their parental care was.
7. Paragraph 4 answers all of the following questions about crocodiles EXCEPT:
○What is the evidence that crocodiles are caring parents?
○Why do crocodile parents communicate with the young inside their eggs?
○What is a possible reason for the high-frequency sounds that crocodiles make inside their eggs?
○How do crocodiles participate in the hatching process of their young?

读题干，知道问什么
分层，

Paragraph 3: Research leading to short-term forecasting, which involves a shorter time interval, has been focused on precursors observed prior to previous earthquakes. Precursors are physical or chemical phenomena that occur in a typical pattern before an earthquake. These phenomena include changes in the velocity of seismic waves, the electrical resistance of rocks, the frequency of the usually minor preliminary earthquakes (foreshocks), the deformation of the land surface, and the water level or water chemistry of wells in the area. Many of these precursors can be explained by a theory called the dilatancy model. Under this hypothesis, rocks in the process of strain along a fault show significant dilation or swelling before rupture.

8. Paragraph 3 mentions all of the following as examples of precursors EXCEPT
○changes in the speed of seismic waves
○changes in the availability of electricity
○changes in the frequency of foreshocks
○changes in land surfaces


Paragraph 3: This rapid absorption of sunlight by water has two important consequences. First, it means that photosynthesis the process by which plants use the energy of sunlight to produce the organic carbon compounds necessary for life can only occur in surface waters where the light intensity is sufficiently high. Species that produce their own organic carbon compounds are called primary producers, and they are the base of the marine food web. Virtually all of the photosynthesis that supports the rich life of oceans and lakes comes from plants living in the upper 10 to 30 meters of water. Along shores and in very shallow bodies of water, some species such as kelp are rooted to the bottom. These plants may attain considerable size and structural complexity, and may support diverse communities of organisms. In the open waters that cover much of the globe, however, the primary producers of organic carbon are tiny, often one-celled algae (called phytoplankton), which are suspended in the water. Zooplankton, tiny invertebrates that feed on phytoplankton, migrate vertically on a daily cycle: up into the surface waters at night to feed and down into the dark, deeper waters during the day to escape predatory fish that rely on light to detect prey.

9. According to paragraph 3, all of the following are true of kelp EXCEPT:
○They are found at the bottom of shallow waters.
○They are the primary producers of organic carbon.
○They can grow very large.
○They are a source of food for a variety of organisms.

Paragraph 2：Scientists have proposed various theories to explain the diversity of gliding animals in Southeast Asia. The first theory might be called the tall-trees hypothesis. The forests of Southeast Asia are taller than forests elsewhere due to the domination of the dipterocarp family: a family of tall, tropical hardwood trees. Taller trees could allow for longer glides and the opportunity to build up speed in a dive before gliding. The lower wind speeds in tall-tree forests might also contribute by providing a more advantageous situation for gliding between trees. This argument has several flaws, however. First, gliding animals are found throughout the Southeast Asian region, even in relatively short-stature forests found in the northern range of the rain forest in China, Vietnam, and Thailand. Some gliders also thrive in low secondary forests, plantations, and even city parks. Clearly, gliding animals do not require tall trees for their activities. In addition, many gliding animals begin their glides from the middle of tree trunks, not even ascending to the tops of trees to take off.

10.	All of the following are mentioned in paragraph 2 in support of the tall-trees hypothesis EXCEPT:
○ Tall trees make longer glides possible.
○ Tall trees make building up speed in a dive possible.
○ Tall trees make gliding from the middle of tree trunks possible.
○ Tall-tree forests have lower wind speeds.

Paragraph 2：Another flaw of the tiredness theory is that yawning does not raise alertness or physiological activity, as the theory would predict. When researchers measured the heart rate, muscle tension and skin conductance of people before, during and after yawning, they did detect some changes in skin conductance following yawning, indicating a slight increase in physiological activity. However, similar changes occurred when the subjects were asked simply to open their mouths or to breathe deeply. Yawning did nothing special to their state of physiological activity. Experiments have also cast serious doubt on the belief that yawning is triggered by a drop in blood oxygen or a rise in blood carbon dioxide. Volunteers were told to think about yawning while they breathed either normal air, pure oxygen, or an air mixture with an above-normal level of carbon dioxide. If the theory was correct, breathing air with extra carbon dioxide should have triggered yawning, while breathing pure oxygen should have suppressed yawning. In fact, neither condition made any difference to the frequency of yawning, which remained constant at about 24 yawns per hour Another experiment demonstrated that physical exercise, which was sufficiently vigorous to double the rate of breathing, had no effect on the frequency of yawning. Again the implication is that yawning has little or nothing to do with oxygen.

11. Paragraph 2 answers all of the following questions about yawning EXCEPT
○ Does yawning increase alertness or physiological activity?
○ Does thinking about yawning increase yawning over not thinking about yawning?
○ Does the amount of carbon dioxide and oxygen in the air affect the rate at which people yawn?
○ Does the rate of breathing affect the rate at which people yawn?




Paragraph4: Pollen produced higher in the top branches is likely to go farther: it is windier (and gustier) and the pollen can be blown farther before hitting the ground. Moreover, dangling catkins like hazel hold the pollen in until the wind is strong enough to bend them, ensuring that pollen is only shed into the air when the wind is blowing hard.
Weather is also important. Pollen is shed primarily when the air is dry to prevent too much sticking to wet surfaces or being knocked out of the air by rain.
Despite these adaptations, much of the pollen fails to leave the top branches, and only between 0.5 percent and 40 percent gets more than 100 meters away from the parent. But once this far, significant quantities can go a kilometer or more. Indeed, pollen can travel many thousands of kilometers at high altitudes. Since all this pollen is floating around in the air, it is no wonder that wind-pollinated trees are a major source of allergies.

12.According to paragraph 4，which of the following is NOT an adaptation that helps ensure that pollen travels as far as possible?
O Pollen-producing flowers and catkins are located at or near the top of the tree.
O Trees grow at least 100 meters away from each other.
O Dangling catkins release pollen only when the wind is blowing hard.
O Pollen is not released during rain storms or when the air is damp.
不强调细节

Paragraph2: How might this inability to recall early experiences be explained? The sheer passage of time does not account for it; adults have excellent recognition of pictures of people who attended high school with them 35 years earlier. Another seemingly plausible explanation—that infants do not form enduring memories at this point in development—also is incorrect. Children two and a half to three years old remember experiences that occurred in their first year, and eleven month olds remember some events a year later. Nor does the hypothesis that infantile amnesia reflects repression—or holding back—of sexually charged episodes explain the phenomenon. While such repression may occur, people cannot remember ordinary events from the infant and toddler periods either.
13. All of the following theories about the inability to recall early experiences are rejected in paragraph 2 EXCEPT:
A. The ability to recall an event decreases as the time after the event increases.
B. Young children are not capable of forming memories that last for more than a short time.
C. People may hold back sexually meaningful memories.
D. Most events in childhood are too ordinary to be worth remembering

Paragraph 1：Lightning is a brilliant flash of light produced by an electrical discharge from a storm cloud. The electrical discharge takes place when the attractive tension between a region of negatively charged particles and a region of positively charged particles becomes so great that the charged particles suddenly rush together. The coming together of the oppositely charged particles neutralizes the electrical tension and releases a tremendous amount of energy, which we see as lightning. The separation of positively and negatively charged particles takes place during the development of the storm cloud.
14. According to paragraph 1, all of the following take place in the development of a flash of lightning EXCEPT
○Great tension between two oppositely charged regions
○An increase in negatively charged particles over positively charged particles
○Oppositely charged particles coming together
○The release of electrical energy in the form of visible light.



reptiles 爬行动物
amphibian  am-双 两栖动物
primate 灵长类动物
anthropology 人类学
philanthropy 仁爱
ape 猿
gorilla 大猩猩
chimpanzee 黑猩猩
genetics 遗传学
bacteria 细菌 bacterium 复数
herbicide 除草剂
carn 肉体
carnation 康乃馨
reincarnation 转生，涅盘
